Update OpenAI Compatibility Docs with /v1/models (#5151)
ollama/ollama: docs/openai.md

- `finish_reason` will always be `stop`
- `usage.prompt_tokens` will be 0 for completions where prompt evaluation is cached

### `/v1/models`

#### Notes

- `created` corresponds to when the model was last modified

> - `owned_by` corresponds to the ollama namespace construct, defaulting to `"library"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `owned_by` corresponds to the ollama username, defaulting to `"library"`
```
